I'm too Indian for the West, but too Western for India. Does that make sense to anybody? That's easy. I'll break it down.
All right, like, okay, check it out. I'm not so Indian that I would study to be a doctor.
No. But like, I'm Indian enough where I would never use a white doctor. Sorry. Is this...
I would let an Indian engineer treat me before a white doctor. I don't need curative medicine. I need cheap, efficient solutions now.
I don't need probiotics for gut health. I need a belt that burps me every five minutes. Benchod, let's go.
I have my eye on Western policy, so I believe the abortion ruling in America is a travesty.
Anything under 29... Oh, no. Shhhh. Anything under 29 weeks, I believe, is a woman's body and her choice alone. I believe that.
Alright ...but I'm also Indian.
So I believe that anything over seven years, a parent should be able to take a slipper and murder their child.
I believe in long-term abortion.
And I look forward to your vote on... and long game discipline. When I was 17, my best friend and I crashed his father's car. His father kicked his own son in the balls.
... in the balls. He disciplined two generations that evening, guys.
My best friend is a son now. His son's first words were, I'm sorry Pappa.
I perform in America, so I worry about being shot in America. I think you need gun control legislation immediately. But I'm also Indian...
... but I'm also Indian. So I want to be friends with at least that one guy who has a gun.
In case shit goes down. I can call Punjab and be like, Manjit, I need you.
And I'm not insinuating that all Punjabi people have guns, relax. Some of them have blades and swords, much quicker. Human beings are just fruits with feelings.
I learned English first, so my English is stronger than my Hindi, but I believe that Hindi is a stronger language than English. There are beautiful words in Hindi that English doesn't have the power to express, as a language.
Beautiful words, like, Tsch.
That's an Hindi word. Non-Indians have you heard us do that shit? Yeah? It means about forty different things.
Come on, everybody do it with me. Come on, I'm happy, Tsch
I'm sad, Tsch
Fuck you, Tsch, Fuck me, Tsch
White people can't make that noise. You need years of humidity and cynicism to happen.
Give white people like 10 more years of climate change and Donald Trump, they'll all be walking around like, Tsch, God, dammit!
But like, I'm not so confident in English that I would have sex in English.
I have sex in Hindi
English sex is like very confident, right? It's like, yeah, girl.
I'm about to clap those cheeks, girl. Shit.
We about to smash, A.F. girl!
I don't have sex like that. When I have sex, I'm like ***IN HINDI***