We stumble upon this well.
It's very shallow well.
It's about two to three feet.
It's very shallow.
I could get out of it.
And at the bottom of this well, there is a squirrel.
And here's how I react whenever I see a squirrel.
It's a squirrel.
My wife has a very different spiritual moment.
I don't know why.
I don't know her connection to the squirrel.
I don't know if it's because they are equally as twitchy.
I don't know.
I feel like they're talking shit about me.
I don't know.
So she sees the squirrel and she goes, babe, quick.
Lend me your shoe.
I will lower it down by the laces
And we'll hoist them up like it's a squirrel elevator.
I was like, I love that you think just because we lower a shoe down there.
A squirrel will willingly get in it, and leave with us, like we are his family.
And she goes, you're right.
We should build a ladder so he can leave on his own terms.
And I was like, that's not at all what I said.
So I go about my adult life.
I come home later to discover my wife is sitting in the middle of the living room.
The glue gun is on.
So I'm too late.
And what she's done is, she has taken two of my shoelaces.
And she laid them out vertically.
And then she hot glued popsicle sticks.
We did not have popsicle sticks, by the way.
We had a box of popsicles.
Can you guess what happened next?
This chick has got brain freeze and purple lips and is doing arts and crafts in my living  room.
I'm like, who's toddler in my babysitting right now?
With my laptop open to a Google search that says, how tall are squirrels?
I was like, really, for squirrels, you say tall?
So, she collects the ladder just like so.
We're heading back to the well.
My shoes are much looser.
And just before she releases it, I notice that there is a note, attached.
And I was like, hey, babe, is that a note for the squirrel?
And she goes, no, that's so people read it and know not to remove the ladder.
And I was relieved.
Because I needed to know how far on the spectrum of this she was.
And so, she takes the ladder in very dramatic fashion.
She unfurls it.
It's pretty good ladder.
She unfurls the ladder.
And I swear to God, the squirrel looked at the ladder, and just got out on his own.
And she goes, it worked.
I'm going to knit a scarf.
And that is my whole life.
Every day is that day, all right?
I live with a make a wish kid all the time.
So I'm just like, all right, let's follow your dreams, I guess.
I guess we'll see what happens.