It's such a weird stereotype, to have associated with your ethnicity, right? That stereotype of like Asian parents wanting their kids to be doctors, right? It's such a weird thing to have on your race.
What is that? Is that good? Is that bad? I thought it was like a good thing, apparently, it's like, worthy of mockery, right? Asian parents wanting their kids to be doctors. It's weird because it's true.
I know because my parents are the same way. They just wanted us to be doctors. It was like this obsession. They just wanted us to be doctors. Because when Asian parents want their kids to be doctors, helping people is like on the bottom of a list of reasons.
Oh, if it even makes the list, of reasons, to go into medicine, helping people is like the unfortunate byproduct.
When they first see that, they can't even believe it. What the fuck, you got to help people? Whatever, get it out of the way.
Don't let it get in the way, of what this is really about. It's about the money and the prestige, right?
Because if you're a first-generation immigrant, your children, becoming doctors is the quickest way. You can turn it around, in one generation. Instant credibility, instant respectability, instant money. Right, you flip the clan narrative around. Boom! Start from the bottom now we're here. We doctors!
And it's also weird because Asian parents are also the last group of people you can never convince to see a doctor.
They spend their whole lives obsessing over it. Nothing can make my mom see a doctor. There's nothing. My mom can have an arrow going right through her. And she's trying to pull it out like Rambo, right?
And you're like, yo, mom, let's go see a doctor. And my mom will be like, no, they just want to take people's money.
And you're like, then why do you want your kids to be doctors so badly? Because I want my kids to take out the people's money, obviously. The fact that you don't understand that is the reason why you never became a doctor.
Because Chinese people love money. We love that shit. Chinese people fucking love money, okay? You think rappers love money? Yo, we love money! More than anyone!
Chinese people love everything about it. We love making it, love spending it. We love giving it, we love receiving it. We love throwing up in the air. Yo, Chinese people love money so much. We have a God of money. Yeah.
Of all the gods in Chinese Taoism, There's one god, he's the god of money. We pray to him. For more money.
Every day we go, hey, God of money. Give us more money. And he gives us more money.
Even during Chinese New Year, the biggest holiday, for Chinese people, Chinese New Year, when we see each other, during Chinese New Year, the way we greet each other is, we say 'gong xi fa cai'.
'gong xi fa cai' means, Hope you get rich!
That's not, Happy New Year!
Do you understand the go-to phrase, during Chinese New Year, isn't happy New Year? It's, hope you get rich!
Hope you get rich. Hope you get so fucking rich man. You better hope I get rich. I will hope you get rich. Hope, we both, get rich together!