Before we went to ask my friend, I was like, yo, Mitch, what are we gonna be doing?
And he was like, dude, don't ask questions, Trevor.
It's just gonna be a great time.
I was like, yeah, I wanna know what the great time is gonna be about.
He was like, dude, don't ask questions.
I should have asked questions.
Cause we had fun. But the trip, like there were a few things that were weird that I wouldn't necessarily do on my own.
For instance, on the third day of the trip.
We had what was planned, was building our itinerary as an authentic Balinese experience. 
And what they did was, they woke us up at 5 a.m., put us in a little bus, and we drove for like three hours.
And we got there, we got out of the bus, we're like in the middle of it, it's like a remote village, and a little tour guide.
Really happy, way too happy for that time.
And he's like, welcome everybody, are you ready for a good time?
And I'm like, yay.
And so he's like, my name is Dengasan, and I'm going to be your guide.
Today, you will have an authentic Balinese experience.
So exciting, follow me.
And so we follow him, and he walks up to a little door, and I'm like, okay, this is gonna be like a temple or a cave or something.
And he's like, welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the real Bali, and he opens the door into somebody's house.
This is not a museum house, this is just a house.
Like someone lives there every single day.
He opens the door, and he's like, this is the home of someone in Bali.
He eats here, he sleeps here.
I'm like, does he know we're here?
Because like, we didn't knock.
Nobody answered the door.
For all I know, we're breaking and entering right now.
We're in some weird Balinese gang.
I don't know how this works.
And as I'm about to ask the question, he turned...
...and he's like, over here, you can see the owner of the house.
He's in the corner. And we turn and there's a man, the whole time.
He was just sitting there.
Froze, and stiff.
And now I'm like, is this guy part of this?
I don't know if we should be doing this or should not be doing this.
And then we're starting to turn to him.
He starts speaking to him in Balinese.
He's like, he's like, okay, you can touch anything.
And so I'm like, oh no, I don't think we should.
Before I can even finish, the people in our group arere like, Yeah! Touch it all! 
Oh my God, touch it all!
Oh my God, does he sleep here?
Oh wow, is this where he eats?
Oh my God, I can never do this.
Oh my God, excuse me, thank you so much for having us.
Oh my God, I appreciate my life so much more right now.
Thank you so much.
This is horrible. Can we take a selfie?
Thank you, are you an Instagram?
I just want to hashtag the man.
Thank you. Oh my God.
This is like something culturally I'm not supposed to be doing.
As an African person, I should not be in somebody's house rummaging through their life.
So I'm standing in the corner, really uncomfortable.
And the owner of the house, he's really accommodating.
He's friendly. You know, he's like, yes, thank you, enjoy, enjoy, thank you.
And then he turns and he looks at me.
And this was one of the most magical moments.
Because he was smiling at everyone else.
And his face completely changed when he turned.
He's a little hospitalist like, yes, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.
And with his eyes...
He proceeded to have the most in-depth conversation with me that I've ever had.
And it's not like the eyes conversation.
You can have an eyes conversation with anyone you have a connection with.
You know what I'm talking about?
It could be somebody of the same race when you're in public.
It could be a husband and wife.
Wives are really good at having eyes conversations.
They'll shoot on you hard.
You'll be in public together.
And then you'll say something off.
You'll be like, no, if only she did that.
And she'd be like, oh hell, no, I cannot believe you said all of that.
But it's just eyes.
I cannot believe you said all of that.
Wait until the next, oh, you want to air out dirty laundry in public.
Oh, you want to see how this is going to end up?
Oh, you say this and enjoy this moment right now.
Because you know it's over and you're like, yeah, I shouldn't have done that.
All with eyes.
That's what he did to me.
Because one minute, he's smiling at everybody.
And then he turns and he looks at me.
And just with these eyes, he was like, what are you doing here?
And so with my eyes, I was like, hey, man, I'm sorry, I didn't know this was your house.
They said it was an authentic experience. That's why I came.
He's like, yeah, authentic for white people.
You got your own poor.
Go back to where you came from.
Yeah, I shouldn't be here, man. I'm sorry, man. I'm sorry.