I'm be honest with you guys, I grew up broke most of my life, but maybe you're like me.
I still look down on other broke people. I do.
I'm at these Greyhound stations, like, ooh peasants.
These undesirables everywhere, Jesus. It's disgusting.
I grew up very poor, I did.
I grew up in a trailer. I just give you, this is why I look like this.
I grew up half my life in Kansas, half my life in San Francisco.
That's why it looks like I could cook math if it's gluten-free.
Fuck you guys for laughing at that. How dare you? I'm insulted.
Here's the thing, I grew up half my life there.
Like, when I grew up, I grew up very white trash, but I went to an all black school.
You think that would go great, because poor white people, poor black people.
We do ghetto shit as families just to get by.
My mom was ghetto, she was like, guys, we're going to the zoo.
We ended up at Petco. She's like, guys, a cat. Can you believe it?
I got hit a lot.
Some black comedians say white people don't hit their kids. That's bullshit.
Poor white people hit their fucking kids.
You have to hit kids if you're on a budget.
What do they tell you to do? Oh, take something away from the child.
I'm in a trailer park. I don't have shit.
What's my mom's supposed to do. Y'all keep acting up. We're not going to go to the...
Just come here, I'm gonna punch you in the face.
But this is where the culture is divide, though.
Poor black families still dress their kids well for school.
Doesn't matter what's going on with the budget. Kids going to look good for school. Right?
Poor white families, you know the deal immediately.
As soon as you see the parents, come on down again, baby.
You got school clothes Monday through Wednesday, wear the Thursday shit for Monday too.
You can't wear a repeat set of black school. That's a bad prop.
I would go into class and it's just like, hey, Jamarkis, white boy got the same sock you wore on Mondaty, motherfucker.
Ahh. You same sock, haven't you, bitch.
I got made fun of by a fat kid named Jamarkis who always had the new Jordans.
First of all, fat kid in Jordans, total waste the money.
Some of you don't want to laugh because you have fat kids at home. Yeah?
Spent $300 on his shoes. Now what? They're sideways and shit.
Jordans not even dunkin. Now he's taking a charge.
Dude, it's supposed to be air Jordan, not ground Jordan. What the fuck?
So I never wore the right shit, you know.
And this is my mom's advice, it's like, mom!, I keep getting fights.
And then my mom, this is a classic white mother advice.
She goes, just say you don't want to fight.
Is all the black people laughing at that shit?
There's white tables like, well, if you didn't want a confrontation, why would they proceed?
You chose peace. Why would there be violence?
As soon as you act like you're not willing to fight, that's when you're fighting.
So then I learned if you act like you are willing to fight, you're still going to fight.
Exactly. Yes. So I got smart. This is what I did. I started beating up other white dudes to climb the food chain.
I punched Daren, right in the face.
I thought we were cool.
No, I'm Eminem, you're Mackelmore.
That's how it works. They only accept one. I'm taking it.