My mom is from Cuba and my dad is from the Dominican Republic. And that means, that they are, divorced. It's what that means.
They came to America with the same idea, just a little bit different. My mom got here, and she was like, oh my God, look at all of these opportunities.
And then my dad got here, and he was like, oh my God, look at all of these opportunities. This is not a place to be married. This is the land of opportunities.
It's very interesting to be as Hispanic as I am and then to look this white.
My name is Marcelo André Hernández Gonzales, but I look like Timothée Chalamet.
I look white, dude. I look like a white TikTok-er.
I look like my parents make a bunch of money, and I make even more money. Just with a tripod in my room.
I look white, dude. I look like I tell my mom to shut up.
I could never do that. I have a Cuban mom that escaped communism. The only reason I know that is because she told me every morning.
So I don't know how you woke up in the morning, but for me it's good morning Marcelo. Have a great day, but just remember, I free you.
In my house, you can't have a bad day. When your mom escapes communism, you can't have a bad day. You get home from school. You're like, mom, I had a bad day at school. She's like, what happened? What happened that was so bad?
Did somebody steal your freedom today?
It's often when your parents are immigrants, they make you feel bad about everything, you know, it's their job. That's what they do.
I never knew what I was gonna tell my kids, you know what I mean? What am I gonna look at my kids and say? It was tough. It was tough when the Uber didn't get there. You probably don't even know about Uber pool, do you? No. No, but now, with a pandemic, your boy got a struggle story, okay?
I cannot wait to look at my kids and go, you don't know what it's like! We didn't have toilet paper!
And I'll lie, you know what I mean? I'll lie. My parents probably lied to me. I'll lie. I'll tell my kids, I'll be like, you know, the pandemic was from when I was three years old. So when I was 25 years old.
And one day, your kid will look at you and he'll go, papi, I don't like the taste of the soup, that you make for me. I can't wait to look at my son in the eyes and go, oh, yeah, well, I couldn't taste for 22 years. So maybe eat the soup.