So let me tell you guys, if you ever get the opportunity to travel to India.
I encourage you to check it out. You are gonna see some beautiful things.
You are gonna see some amazing things.
You are gonna see some sad depressing things and some real horrible things.
Overall, it's a well-balanced trip. 
But when you get back home here to the United States.
You will have a whole different appreciation for your life. Believe that. 
There's a lot of people in India and with a lot of people comes a lot of traffic. 
First things first, American traffic and Indian traffic, very different.
Here, whatever happens on the freeway will stop the whole freeway.
And India, there's ten times the traffic, but it moves.
See, the problem is Americans were fascinated by accidents.
We're fascinated by the idea of seeing potential death.
That's why we slow down on the freeways. 
We say we don't want to see it, but what happens in travel?
What's going on over there?
There doesn't even have to be a collision. 
You could be on the 101 freeway and a car has a tire blowout and it spins.
It doesn't hit anything.
It's now facing oncoming traffic.
You know what happens to the rest of the freeway?
Even on the other freeway where there's no accident.
And again, what's going on?
Sorry, somebody might be dead. Sorry.
In India, if there's an accident in the middle of the street, you know what they do?
They drive right around it.
They don't stop.
And it's not that they're not sensitive to the situation. They are.
It's just that there's so much chaos that happens on a regular basis.
They just need to get to work.
They do see what's happening.
And believe me, they're heartelt, you know.
They'll drive around. I'm so sorry for you!
Nothing stops the flow of traffic in India.
They need to get from point A to point B. And so they go. They go.
There's an accident. They drive around.
If there's something blocking the street.
They get on the sidewalk to go around.
It's amazing the way they drive.
And here's something else.
No one uses turn signals over there. No one uses turn signals.
They use a horn.
Now, if you go to India tomorrow, from the time you get there to the time you leave
You're constantly going to hear a horn.
It's an actual language when people are driving.
I'll show you.
You're driving.
Car on your right.
Car on your left.
Car on your right.
They talk to each other while they're driving.
And they barely miss each other every single time.
Also, you'll be on the 101 freeway here and there'll be six lanes.
In India, you'll see six lanes. But guess what?
You'll see 12 cars across.
Yes, they have lines, but they're basically there to let you know more or less the direction you might want to go in.
They're this close to each other.
And even at the light, they communicate. They're going to.
You see everything.
Cars, trucks, vans, motorcycles, pedestrians, cows, children, all waiting for the light.
And they talk at the light with the horn.
Very good. You can go. You can go.
Welcome. You're welcome. Go. Go.
Nothing stops the flow of traffic over there.
Indian people drive. Think of ants.
You know how ants travel in a straight line.
And if there's something in the way, like a rock, ants will split up.
Go around the rock, and reunite or climb over the rock.
Worst case scenario. They dig a hole and go under the rock.
That's the mentality of driving in India.
A man can get shot in the middle of the street.
People just look at each other.
Somebody pick him up. And we'll drag his ass onto the sidewalk.
And if there's an accident and they need to get around. 
Guess what's going to happen to that guy on the sidewalk?
Nothing stops the flow of traffic in India, except, a cow.
Now, I know we've always heard the stories in the jokes about all Indian people don't eat hamburgers.
I asked the question and I found out.
It's believed that cows are people who have died and they've been reincarnated.
And their new life is now the cow.
Which is why they don't eat them and why they give them all the love and respect in the world over there.
I saw this firsthand.
There's a cow crossing the street while we're driving.
And the cows know, they're cocky.
They know that they can cross.
The cows up are all cocky. "Moo"
"Moo" Cling. Cling. "Moo"
No one hunks at the cows.
No one yells at the cows.
No one touches the cows.
They wait for the cows to finish crossing.
The cow that we had, laid down.
The driver just shut off the car.
Started tweeting.
There is a cow in the middle of the street. Hashtag Momo.
I asked the driver what's going on.
Sir, there is a cow.
I see that there's a cow.
Are you going to honk at it? Go around it? what's going to happen?
We cannot honk at the cow.
We must wait for the cow to move.
You're kidding.
I am not kidding. We must wait for the cow.
We drove past a dead body 15 minutes ago.
That is probably him.
Seriously, the driving situation over there is so intense, you guys.