My wife has this thing, it's called A-D-H-D.
Do you guys know what this is? It's not A-D-D, by the way. That one's different.
That's the one you diagnose yourself.
That's where people are like, oh, sorry, I tuned out of your story.
I have A-D-D.
No, you suck.
You're addicted to your phone.
You need to take respon sibility.
A-D-H-D, that one's a little more intense.
She had to go to a hospital to get that H.
Now, when she went to the doctor, the doctor was like, you have what's called A-D-H-D.
And she was like, what?
And he was like, this is the third time I told you. Please stop coming back here.
Now, if you don't know what A-D-H-D is, you probably knew someone in school who had it. 
A-D-H-D kids, they were always like the weird kid in class.
The one that does this shit?
The weird kid, you know, not the quiet one, not the quiet emo that's to themselves, weird.
No. The other weird one. The one who sat next to the emo kid and asked them questions.
Like so, is black your favorite color? You wear it all the time.
You wore that black hoodie last Wednesday and on Friday.
Do you wear eyeliner on the weekends?
You're always in eyeliner.
I noticed that it's also black.
Did you know black is the absence of color?
I have a hoodie as well, that's black.
But it's reversible with the blue.
Technically, that's one color, and no colors.
That's how they fucking talk, by the way.
I would cut myself too.
Now, people with A-D-H-D, they get hyper focused and easily distracted at the exact same time.
So that means they are really good at starting projects.
She will get started on something and then she sees movement.
So then she starts doing whatever this thing is.
And then a sound goes off.
So then she's doing whatever that
 And then her phone happens.
 And so it's like living with a Roomba.
 You follow the trail of broken dreams until she stuck in the corner somewhere.
 And there's just things.
 It looks like Etsy took a shit in our house.
 It's just miscellaneous random things.
 But she has good intentions.
 And I guess that that counts for something.
 So this is what she'll do.
 She'll say something like, okay, I'm gonna clean.
 And then she will start the vacuum.
 And she'll follow that until it hits the coffee table.
 Which wobbles because she hit her head.
 She doesn't remember.
 So the coffee table wobbles and she goes, oh no, that's uneven.
 So she will begin to disassemble the coffee table.
 But she only takes apart the two legs that are nearest to her.
 So the table becomes lopsided.
 Oblivious to the very full coffee mug that comes sliding down onto the carpet.
 Now there's a stain.
 This is cleaning, ty the way, don't forget.
 And she goes, oh no, there's a stain.
 I should probably get a paper towel to clean that up.
 So she goes over to the kitchen to grab a paper towel.
 She's in a completely different room now.
 That room is done. It's over.
 It's a distant memory at this point. It doesn't matter.
 And she goes, okay, what will I do in the kitchen today? 
 The world is my oyster with this kitchen.
 I could do anything.
 Maybe I'll start a project.
 I'll bake a pie, from scratch.
 That's what I should do.
 It should be a very small project.
 I should be hungry in about eight to ten hours.
 I will build a pie.
 Oh, it looks like we're all out of paper towels.
 I'm gonna go to the store.
 That's what I'll do.
 I'm just gonna head out and I'll go right to the store.
 Oh, wait, what's going on with the vacuum?
 What happened over here?
 It's like she becomes a detective who discovers her own crime scene.
 Just like I've never seen the table like this.
 What happened with the vacuum?
 Why is this going on?
 I'm like, bitch, you're the murderer.
 What are you talking about?
 And then she rediscoveres the stain and goes, oh, that's right.
 The coffee, because of the stain.
 I went to go get paper towels, but we're out of paper towels.
 I need to blot this.
 So she'll take her shirt off and start to blot the stain.
 Literally, I come in from the next room.
 The vacuum's running.
 My table's broken.
 She's naked.
 A baby's crying.
 We don't have kids.
 I'm like, what the fuck is going on?
 And she goes, I was gonna do a load of laundry.
 And then...
 I don't see her for four days and three nights.
 She does meth, I think.
 I don't know my wife.